#Sfaturi pentru ecranul de încărcare
#Mulțumesc lui 0lafe, boubou19, chochem, interestingusernam3, glowredman, GTNH-Afx237v7, ligilor, Lewissaber, Nvidiot, Regian24, ricuri, yukieiji și alții pentru sugestii de sfaturi.
#
#Maximal characters for a tip: 77 (more can go out of the screen)
#The line below, including the "#" is 77 chars
#Adventurer's backpack? Did you mean integrated crafting grid, bed and fluid
#
Ai o întrebare? Alătură-te serverului nostru de Discord: discord.gg/wtNVzeE5QB
You can bind the quests menu to a key, instead of using the book
Be sure to check out what you can do with Mouse Tweaks
Literally flint and steel!
Adventurer's backpack: integrated crafting grid, bed and fluid storage
Ai grijă de poluare!
Ați găsit un bug? Raportează-l pe GitHub sau pe Discord
Poți marca articolele cu NEI („a” implicit)
Este NEI, nu JEI. Folosește-l frecvent.
Târnăcopul tău nu este gata
Încearcă și GT:NH!
Put the "Mine" back in Minecraft
Nu ieși afară noaptea!
Abandon all vanilla knowledge all ye who enter here
Sometimes it's better to flee than fight some mobs
Be prepared to take hours to build a single multiblock machine!
Apasă F7 pentru a vedea locurile unde pot apărea mobii!
Press F9 to see chunk borders!
Microcrafting is love, microcrafting is life
Câte circuite ai craftat în viață?
XAERO's WORLD MAP: APASĂ[M]
sqrt(-1) loves you!
(MultiMC > Curse) && (Technic > Curse): true
All you had to do was to follow the damn quest line, CJ!
Dă click pe un item din quest book pentru a afișa rețeta sa în NEI
De ce să nu vizitezi tehnologia nucleară? Avem... bombe cu hidrogen
Dacă este prea anevoios, o faci greșit.
Și tu te uiți la cuptor în timp ce coace mâncarea?
There's always something else you can do while waiting
Apasă F3 + S pentru a reîncărca sunetul dacă a dispărut
Life's all about opening issues, not closing them - Rongmario
Vizitează r/feedthemems!
I WANT ROCKET I WANT MOON - St4o
Hello @Bufka2011 why did you copy our (GTNH) rules :kekwhat:
Did you already craft an AE2 system?
Apasă O pentru a ascunde interfața NEI
Încearcă și GregTech: New Horizons!
3.6 Roentgen?
Fabrica trebuie să crească!
Ai încercat Schematica?
There is a swarm ahead!
Beware of glyphids
Hydrogen Bomb VS Coughing Baby
Say hello to DreamMaster from Bufka2011!
Ce? Warden-ul este un boss greu? Pfft... Martian Invasion Ship
This is not a bug, this is an anomaly!
ZIRNOX going brrrrrr
Oh no, ZIRNOX going BOOOOOM
PotatOS is funny :D
Did you check graphics settings?
Cât RAM ai? 6GB pentru NT:NTH este perfect!
Nu da ragequit
Historically accurate! Probabil...
50% scientifically accurate!
How about to share this modpack with your friends?
The freaking meteorite landed INSIDE our rock cave!
Yaaay, poluare! >:D
O nu, poluare. :(
Do you have radiation protection with you?
Be sure to check out if there is a new update!
The best way to process ore is Acidizer + Centrifuge
Crystallized ore gives you 2 ingots when smelting
NTM's Electric Furnaces are a must!
Don't mine coal without breathing protection
Fanul numărul unu al azbestului
She was 'Nuclear' on my 'Tech' until I 'New Horizons'
Did you already automate food production?
Este automat, nu automizat
Nu uita să-ți hrănești pisica!
Minecraft loading can take a while
World loading can take a while
You can suggest your ideas on NTNH's GitHub repo!
You can suggest your ideas on NTNH's Discord!
You need help with NTM? Găseşte-l pe SavageVegeta pe YouTube!
Știi matematică? Vei avea nevoie de ea.
2 idioți 1 reactor
Noaptea este FOARTE înfricoșătoare!
OMGWTF NUCLEAR CREEPER
Modpack ce-ți dă bătăi de cap!
Salut Mellow!
Salut HBMTheBobcat!
Salut DreamMaster!
Salut JamesH2!
Salutare tuturor!
Explore structures like antennas for early resources  
Build multiple furnaces to speed up alloy production  
Sirens going UUUUUUUUUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Acest RBMK este atât de atrăgător... Lasă
Turrets are doing RATATATATATA
Frate. Vine întunericul.
Use HE to RF converters!
Use RF to HE converters!
Check the mod’s wiki for detailed information
Experiment with machine upgrades to increase efficiency
Account for pollution mechanics - they impact gameplay
Control pollution to avoid problems with these cockroaches
Use soot towers to reduce pollution
Have fun and experiment - NTM offers endless possibilities
Creepers are TERRIFYING in here
Încearcă şi S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Anomaly GAMMA!
Încearcă și Factorio!
Call your mom, make her happy
NEI recipe lookup: hover + R
Standard boilers may explode when running full.
Fluids can be voided with a drainage pipe.
A drainage pipe may not be too good for the environment.
Foundry casts can be removed with a screwdriver.
It's all about the game
Craft flippers to swim faster.
GregTech 6 is peak.
Supersymmetry is peak.
bob pls port to 1.20
1.8.9 port is happening soon trust me guys.
Există meteori. Construieşte un acoperiş. (#1)
Nu vrei să folosești găleți pentru apă? Folosește, în schimb, un butoi infinit. (#3)
Iron furnaces are more fuel efficient, and don't burn while idle. (#4)
Apasă F1 pentru ajutor. (#5)
Bricked furnaces smelt construction materials faster, like sand, stone or clay. (#6)
Standard boilers may explode when running full. Industrial boilers will simply stop. (#7)
Is your RBMK leaking radiation? Use cover panels. (#8)
Flow control pumps can be used to change fluid distribution priority. (#9)
Pneumatic pipes move items instantly, and through unloaded chunks. (#10)
Fluids can be voided with a drainage pipe. Not too good for the environment, though. (#11)
Fans are activated by redstone and push entities around. Ideal for tree farms. (#12)
Don't set the microwave to the highest setting. (#13)
Fractionating towers connect vertically, stacking them increases throughput. (#14)
Fullerite too difficult? Make fine soot with a pyrolysis oven. (#15)
Exploration pays off. Who knows what you'll find. (#16)
Te simți rău? Verifică pentru azbest în apropiere. (#17)
Need a lot of fuel early on? The nether is full of flaming coal. (#18)
Ia-ți o arma. (#19)
Alexandrite needs explosives to be mined. (#20)
Foundry casts can be removed with a screwdriver. (#21)
No, you can't upgrade a damaged pickaxe. (#22)
Using a screwdriver on a fluid burner will increase its burn rate. (#23)
Using dye on a pylon will change the color of the connected wires. (#24)
Capacitors are cheaper than energy storage blocks, and have faster discharging rates. (#25)
Any foundry part can be emptied by using a shovel. This drops the contents as foundry scraps. (#26)
Teleporters can teleport any entity, even items on a conveyor belt. (#27)
Some recipes require blueprints which are found in structures. You can also buy them from Bobmazon. (#28)
It's all about the game. (#V9)
Winter will end just the same, no matter what. (#V9)
You know how we do it. (#V9)
Man, I'm dead. (#328)
We never did find the body. ( )
Shred wheat to triple your bread. (#S1)
how many breads have you eaten (#S2)
The two right-hand slots of the VAB are for calculating trips FROM and TO another planet. (#S3)
Dyson swarm units decay faster the more of them there are. (#S4)
Clay is valuable in space! (#S5)
Don't land at Y=63 on Moho, Laythe, or Eve! (#S6)
An armor modification table can add a PLSS to your armor, for breathing in space. (#S7)
Friendly fire will not be tolerated! (#S8)
Craft flippers to swim faster. (#S9)
Occasionally Heavy Boots are great in low gravity. (#S10)
You can survive in as little as 0.1 atm of pure O2. (#S11)
You only need one air vent for breathing unaided. (#S12)
CO2 scrubbers and algae films can recover O2 continuously in orbit. (#S13)
Your orbital station can't make a trip? Add more engines! (#S14)
Don't forget to clone your orbital station drive! (#S15)
wi wi wi. (#???)
